exercism.org (#283)
exercism/objective-c: README.md

Exercism exercises in Objective-C

## Try it!

> If you've downloaded the [command-line client](http://exercism.org/clients/cli) and have Objective-C installed on your machine, then go ahead and fetch the first problem.

Reviewer: This link gives a 404, can you please find the equivalent and use that link instead?

> If you've downloaded the [command-line client](http://exercism.org/clients/cli) and have Objective-C installed on your machine, then go ahead and fetch the first problem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you've downloaded the [command-line client](https://exercism.org/docs/using/solving-exercises/working-locally) and have Objective-C installed on your machine, then go ahead and fetch the first problem.
```

```bash
exercism fetch objective-c
```

> In order to be able to submit your solution, you'll need to configure the client with your [Exercism API key](http://exercism.org/account/key).

Reviewer: This link gives a 404, can you please find the equivalent replacement and use that here?

> In order to be able to submit your solution, you'll need to configure the client with your [Exercism API key](http://exercism.org/account/key).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to be able to submit your solution, you'll need to configure the client with your [Exercism API key](https://exercism.org/settings/api_cli).
```

### Help Add More Objective-C Exercises

> The easiest way to add new exercises is to translate existing exercises from other language tracks on Exercism. Here's the [full list of unimplemented exercises in Objective-C](http://exercism.org/languages/objective-c/todo) along with links to all the existing implementations.

Reviewer: This link gives a 404, can you please find the equivalent?
